Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Hey. Marla.
My cleaning service flaked.
so I can't make it.
Yeah. it's been
a big ol' shit show.
I had people checking in
to units that weren't cleaned.
and now I'm here with a vacuum.
No. no. you stay.
I'm fine.
You know. I got my music.
It's -- It's kinda relaxing.
Okay. now. bye-bye.
Hi.
Can I help you?
Yes. I'm having
a little bit of car trouble.
These steep mountain roads.
they got me stuck.
Can I borrow
your phone?
My phone?
Don't you have a cellphone?
It -- It died.
Guess it just ain't
my day.
Oh. this here's my son.
Wait. what are you --
No. you can't --
No. what are you --
You can't come in here!
I lost my pretty face.
She'll see me!
Don't worry. baby.
I got your pretty face.
Remember.
say nice things to her.
Girls like to hear
nice things.
Did that feel good?
Did you get
your yuckies out?
I guess
she wasn't the one.
You'll know when
the right one comes along.
Right one.
Oh. baby.
you certainly made a mess.
I'll tell you that.
All these cleaning supplies
sure do come in handy.
Lucky for us.
What you doing there.
baby?
Evidence.
Evidence!
Such a big word!
You're such a smart man.
You're destroying
evidence.
Evidence.
Yes.
But we can't
burn the body.
No. bones don't burn.
We're going to have to
bury the body somewhere
and then just bury
the evidence with that.
Like the digging game.
You like the digging game?
Huh?
Alright.
Oh. crappus dappus. baby.
We need to hide.
Grab the body.
Help me.
Oh. oh. come on.
Good.
What'd I tell ya?
Isn't this great?
Yeah.
It's great. right?
Really nice.
My lungs are not used
to all this clean air.
At least
we got our steps in.
Do you think
the cleaner came?
Uh. she was supposed to be gone
at 4:00. and it is after 4:00.
There's still dust
everywhere.
Well. babe. it's --
it's rustic. you know?
I mean. supposedly
parts of this house
were built
before the Civil War.
So. uh.
I think we're probably
just gonna have to
get used to the dust.
Did you leave
the fireplace going?
Or was that
the cleaning lady?
Uh. no. that was --
that was me.
I was filming
and I think I forgot.
Alex.
that's super dangerous.
You could've burned
the house down.
I mean. I didn't. so that's --
that's good news.
Hey. you want some wine?
God. yes.
But I gotta pee first.
Cool.
Hey. you want to. uh.
go chill out by the fire.
and I'll -- I'll serve you.
Okay.
Won't I mess up
your shot?
No. no. no. no.
you're good.
I'm actually pretty good
with that.
I just. um -- I usually just
shoot for like an hour or two
and then I find. like.
a little bit that I like.
and I loop it --
corkscrew.
Ah. found it.
The cleaning lady
did the hearth.
It's still wet.
Oh. I was screwing
with that corkscrew.
I didn't
even need to.
Wine's a screw top.
Mm.
Mm!
Oh. fancy!
Did you know
that screw tops
are actually a lot better
for the wine?
Hmm.
But wine makers
keep using corks
because they think
all of us just assume
if something has a cork
that it's. like. nicer.
Mm. Big Cork
suppressing the truth.
I got your big cork
right here. baby.
Hope it's bigger
than a cork.
It's marginally bigger
I know.
Just a little bit.
To. um...
To us.
The coral reefs not dying.
To us and the coral reefs
not dying. yeah.
I read something the other day.
they've got that. um.
sunscreen that. like.
doesn't hurt the reefs?
Pretty cool.
Yeah.
But they're still dying.
There's a lot of things
that are killing it.
Yeah. like I said. it's.
you know. always something.
Would you like to join me
on this luxurious rug?
Okay. I know
where this is going.
What?
Is your camera still on?
No. No.
I just wanted to...
Mm-hmm.
...chill out on the rug.
Yeah? 'Cause that one time
was a one-time deal.
Oh. that one time was --
I'm not going to end up
in your sexy yule log video.
Hey! Hey! Hey!
No. no. no. you say that now
until that cash starts rollin'
when we start that OnlyFans.
Babe. I don't think that I want
to sit on a dead bear.
I mean.
do you think it's real?
Do I think this is
a fake bearskin rug?
Is that even really
a thing. babe?
It's just --
I dunno. It's cruel.
Oh. it's cruel.
it's cruel.
Says the girl wearing
leather boots.
Okay. first of all.
there's no face on my boots.
And it's just --
I dunno.
It just feels weird. okay?
Okay!
And. yeah.
he's just sitting there
staring at us pissed.
Sure.
I mean. I can --
I can move him.
Why are you petting his head
like that?
Because he's
a friend now.
You actually look
really cute on it.
Yeah?
Yeah.
In a...
sexy caveman kind of way.
Oh?
Don't let the boy see.
Yeah.
You look really good.
too. actually.
Oh.
You got this. like.
sexy glow from the fireplace.
You look like. um...
Beyoncé?
...Beyoncé.
Thank you.
I love you.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Mm.
Would the lady
like a snack?
Mmm. always.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Okay.
Ah. ah.
shit. shit shit!
Mm! Damn it!
Hey. are you okay?
Yeah. no.
I just got a --
What's wrong? What's up?
I got a charley horse
or somethin'.
It's not a big deal.
Oh. no. no. no.
I might have some Tylenol.
No. I just got
to stretch it out.
It's cool. it's cool.
it's cool. Listen.
Listen. Zoe. Zoe.
This last year with you
has been. like.
the most rad year
of my life.
Good. babe.
Yeah. and --
I've had a really
good time. too.
Where is my Tylenol?
Um. there's only
really one thing
that I think
could make it better.
Babe. where'd you put
the Tylenol?
And that's if...
you married me.
Oh. my God!
You said something was wrong
with your leg. you asshole!
Well. I said
what I had to say!
Oh. my God. Alex!
It's so...
It's so beautiful.
Where'd you get it?
It was Nana's.
Kinda cheesy. I guess.
but. uh.
I know you told me you didn't
want me to. you know.
do the whole
blood diamond thing. so...
And I love you for that.
God. I --
I'm just --
I'm -- I'm in shock. babe.
You're in shock?
Are you serious?
Yes!
I took you to this beautiful
mountain retreat.
and you're --
and you're surprised?
I-I've just been
working so much.
I didn't even. weirdly.
think about it. I guess.
Okay.
Oh. my God.
Well. I mean...
what do you say?
Alex.
Babe. you know
I love you.
Hmm?
Yeah.
I mean. you're -- you're kinda
scaring me right now.
Um...
Okay.
That's weird.
Uh...
Babe.
something is wrong.
You don't know that.
Hi.
Sheriff:
Sorry to bother y'all.
Uh. we're just
canvassing the area
to see if you noticed
anything unusual last night?
Oh. uh. we weren't here
last night.
We got here today.
We're renting.
Yeah. we checked in early
and went for a hike
so they could
finish cleaning the place.
Did you hear
or see anything unusual
while you're staying here.
anything suspicious?
No. We didn't hear or see
anything suspicious.
did we. Alex?
No.
Is something wrong?
Well. um. we don't wanna
freak out the tourists.
Tourists are
our lifeblood.
But we found a body on the other
side of the mountain last night.
Oh. my God.
Is it a hiker
or something?
How -- How did
they die?
The coroner's
doing a report.
That's all we can say
right now.
But she didn't beat
and strangle herself.
Holy shit!
Oh. my God.
Babe.
Wait a minute.
May I come in?
Uh...yeah.
that's fine.
Yeah. come on in.
Where'd you get
the log?
Uh. just down the road
a little bit.
From the tree with the rocks
around it in a circle?
Yeah. I think so.
Why?
Is there
something wrong?
That's a hanging tree.
They used to
hang slaves on it.
Ohh.
Oh. my God!
I-I-I didn't know.
I-I mean. how was I
supposed to know?
It just was
a-a cool-looking log.
And the branch I cut it off
was dead. so...
Didn't you see
the plaque?
No. I didn't see the plaque.
Did you see a plaque?
We -- We saw no plaques.
Sheriff.
Oh. Diane took down
that plaque. Sheriff.
Yeah. she rents that place out
for weddings down there.
They don't want
to read about slavery.
She took down
the plaque?
Yes.
'Cause of weddings.
Well. it's her land. but she
shouldn't have done that.
I'm going to have to
talk to her about that.
Did we do something wrong?
'Cause we had no idea.
That's also
a very sacred tree
to the tribe that used to
live around these parts.
Yeah. they considered it
a demon tree.
They would
never touch it.
Supposedly
it fed on fear
and all the iron from all the
blood spilling underneath it.
Hollis.
I'm researching
for a Ghost Walk.
Well. these nice people don't
need your ghost walk spiel.
They're on vacation.
Can I get
a glass of water?
Yeah. of course.
Of course.
Now. I'm not
the superstitious type.
Yeah.
But I've heard enough
of this weird crap around here.
Some of these people think
this mountain's
like some kinda
hillbilly Bermuda Triangle.
Yeah.
Maybe it's from the tree.
Maybe it's not.
It is.
Well. we won't
do it again.
Oh.
Okay.
Um...
I wouldn't
burn that log again.
Tomorrow I'd bury it
respectfully.
Don't touch it.
Use some cloth
to carry it out.
Maybe even
say a prayer.
That's what I'd recommend.
Yeah. okay. no. absolutely.
We'll do whatever's necessary.
We're so sorry.
Yeah. Yeah.
We'll -- We'll say our prayers
and everything. yeah.
Yeah.
Y'all two
on vacation?
Uh. we were. yes.
a very nice vacation
until both of you guys
showed up
talking about dead bodies
and demon trees.
Well. wait until he tells you
about the aliens.
I-I'm sorry.
Y-You two seem like
a very nice couple.
And I-I want you
to enjoy yourselves.
But I just like
to be cautious.
The Sheriff's
very cautious.
Sure.
That's a nice camera.
Uh. yeah.
thank you.
Yeah.
What do you call this thing?
Like a...
DSLR?
Uh close.
It's an AF100.
It's probably overkill
for my purposes.
but. uh. you know.
I just like stuff to look nice.
You know. like.
during the holidays
where people that don't
have a fireplace.
they like to put up
a video of a fire?
Yeah.
I make those.
I put them on YouTube.
Oh. no kidding?
Hey. we use that
down at the station.
Yeah.
It's got
Christmas music on.
Yeah. my daughter
uses one. too. to study.
She's got ADHD.
Well. uh. I did one
last year in Bali.
It was a. uh --
like a beach bonfire situation.
Pretty cool.
Huh. Is that like a job
or just a hobby?
Um. I make
some money at it. yeah.
He has at least
a million views.
I'm in the wrong business.
Well. If you recorded that log.
I would definitely erase it.
Anyway. we'll let
you nice people
get back to your vacation.
But if you need anything.
anything at all.
here's my card.
Absolutely.
Yep. we will be
in touch.
Have a good night.
Sheriff.
Deputy.
Ohh. watch your step.
Appreciate
all you guys do.
Protecting and serving.
Your tax dollars at work.
by the way.
Like. what was that?
That is so disturbing.
Yeah. I know!
It's like I hate it when
these men in positions of power
just believe all this.
like. superstitious shit.
I'm talking about
the killing.
There's a killer
on the loose. Alex!
Right. yes. I know about.
yeah. that.
But. you know. honestly.
I wouldn't really worry
about that. babe.
I mean. most murders
are family disputes.
statistically speaking.
Right?
And if it is
a serial killer.
which. despite all
the true-crime documentaries
would have you believe.
is super. super rare.
he's probably
very far away from here.
Babe. it can't
be that rare.
There's many true-crime
shows about them.
You really need to stop watching
that shit before you go to bed
with as anxious
as you are.
Ugh. God.
I have to be prepared. Alex.
Always be prepared.
right.
my little --
my little Boy Scout.
Come here.
What do you say
I relight that log?
Or -- Or --
Or pick
a different one?
The sheriff said don't.
The sheriff said don't?
The sheriff said don't. Alex.
Okay. alright. listen.
I'm going to ask you something.
Be honest with me.
Do you believe that
that log is cursed?
Hmm?
I don't know what to believe.
Okay?
I-I-I think the sheriff
might be watching.
He might see the smoke.
Okay. alright.
Well. fuck me. then right?
'Cause I just wanted
to light a fire in a cabin
with my girlfriend and propose
to her on a bearskin rug.
Yeah.
You never answered me.
by the way.
Answered what?
"Will you marry me?"
Can we -- Can we just talk
about that later?
What does that mean?
What does that mean. Zo?
I'm just --
I mean. like. do you want to?
Do you not want to?
Do you want to think about it?
Babe. I'm just freaked out
right now!
You're freaked out
by who?
By -- By Sheriff Bumfuck
and Deputy Cletus?
What?
What? Are you --
A-Are you mad?
No. No. No.
No.
I'm not.
Babe.
Yeah?
I love you and I want
to marry you.
I do.
but I'm just scared.
Okay. Okay.
Okay.
I'm -- I'm fucking scared
right now.
Look. I-I'm scared. too!
It's a huge step.
I know that.
I-I-I know.
Alex. no!
It's -- It's not that.
Okay? You're -- You're always
so just happy-go-lucky.
And -- And I have my shit.
What if it gets worse.
huh?
What if it gets worse
like my mom?
What if I grind you down
the way my mom did my dad?
Okay. you're not --
you're not like your mom.
You're not like your mother!
You're nothing like your mother.
You're not!
And I'm not your dad. Zoe.
I'm not.
Look at me.
You're not going to
grind me down.
You might --
You might polish me. huh?
Polish each other.
Like -- Like
little diamonds.
Don't you --
Don't you just feel
like you should be
with someone happier?
No. No. No.
Wouldn't that make you happy.
to be with someone happier?
Huh?
I want -- I want you.
You big stupid. dumb.
dumb idiot.
You always know
the right things to say.
But I --
But. but. but.
I feel cursed.
Yes. like our friend the log
in the fireplace.
Don't joke.
Don't joke about that.
Okay.
It's -- It's like a --
It's like. um --
It's like
a sense of doom.
Like I'm always waiting
for the other shoe to drop.
You know. like --
like. what if --
what if we're
at a certain place
at a certain location
at a certain time
and then a tree
happens to fall on us
and had you not
been married to me.
none of this
would have happened.
You would have
never died. Alex.
Zoe. that is so completely
off the rails.
I-I-I'm going to ask you
something right now
and I really. really don't
want you to get angry at me.
Can you promise to try?
I-I'm going to try.
But you prefaced it
really strongly.
Do you think...
that maybe...
we should up
your medication?
It's not about my meds.
Alex!
Okay. Alright.
It's not about my meds.
Okay.
This --
This is who I am.
Alright.
Look. I'm sorry.
A lot of fucked-up shit
has happened to you
in your life. babe.
And I-I-I just want you
to be happy.
Okay?
That's all I want.
This isn't just Willow.
Okay.
The planet is dying.
Alex.
And I'm supposed to what?
Go pick out china patterns?
"Oh. my God!
That's so pretty!
Do you have it in lilac?
Do you have it in blue?"
How am I supposed to raise
a child in this hellhole?
Okay.
Alright.
How do you -- How do you
even plan for the future
when there is none?
Alright. listen. listen!
Everything --
How do you plan for the future
when there isn't one?
Every era of time --
Nothing matters!
Every era of time seems shitty
when you're in it. okay?
That's just an objective
point of fact.
Everybody believes that
about their era. right?
Okay. just imagine. like.
living in World War I or II.
Oh! Ooh!
Pick an era!
As a black woman
during the Civil War.
Oh! As a black woman. huh?
Don't -- Don't do that.
Don't do that!
Okay.
I'm making a very cogent point
right now. okay.
Ohh. Cogent.
I just think
that we are living
at a pretty good little pocket
of time in history.
You know. uh.
comparatively speaking.
I guess my point is that
there's always going to be
shitty aspects
of life. babe.
No matter what era
you live in.
And you just gotta --
you just gotta find the good.
You know. you got to
lean into the good.
Babe. this time
is different.
The world is literally going
to hell in a handbasket.
I think you mean
figuratively.
Okay. yeah.
Yeah. maybe you're right.
But you know what?
If it going to hell
in a handbasket.
I want to be in
that handbasket with you.
Me and you.
In a handbasket.
Just -- Just two guys.
plummeting to the depths of hell
in a -- in a handbasket. right?
Assuming we can find one.
I guess.
big enough for --
for two of us.
Although if the world
is in a handbasket.
I guess
we would also be...
Do you want to go
in the hot tub?
You were just terrified of
a killer stalking in the woods.
and now you want to go
in a hot tub?
I never said
I was consistent.
Do you hear that?
Oh. my God.
it's the killer.
They have the code.
babe.
Uh. just -- just relax.
Whoa. Hello?
-Hi.
-Hey.
What can I do for you?
We're renting the place?
Who are you guys?
Huh.
Um...
I'm sorry. actually.
we're renting the place.
The reservation's on my phone.
Hold on.
Okay. well. I've got
the reservation on mine.
Did you guys
go through Airbnb?
No.
Mountain Getaways.
Could I actually
come in and pee?
I've just been
holding it for...
Yes! You can!
'Cause we rented the place.
-Okay. Excuse me.
-No. no.
-Yeah. Everyone in! Yeah.
-No! No. no. no. no. No. No.
Can you guys just go --
just go back outside. please?
We rented the place.
-Yeah. we did. See. Here.
-No. I'm so sorry.
-Oh. crackers. Fuck it.
-Can I see yours?
-Yeah. yeah.
-Okay.
Hey. uh. babe.
Do you think that we should
have people inside
while there's a killer
on the loose?
Killer?
Tell me more!
Looks like
we're double booked.
Yeah.
We each booked on
different websites
and it didn't reconcile
or something.
Okay. um...
Okay. I'll just
call the owner.
Oh. yeah.
I'll call the owner. too.
It's a race.
We all took these edibles
designed to hit
as soon as we got here.
so I don't see us driving
anywhere tonight.
Seriously?
Babe. it's gonna be fine.
I'm sure they've got. like.
tons of properties.
Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh.
Like --
Shh!
You guy's hear that?
It's a phone ringing.
It's not mine.
I hear it.
Where is it?
It's a cellphone
underneath the couch.
Babe. this is so fucked.
Huh.
This has to be
the landlady's phone.
Okay.
Okay. yeah.
Um. she probably just left it on
accident when she was cleaning.
Who leaves their
cellphone behind?
Babe.
I'm getting scared.
I think that we should go ahead
and call the sheriff.
You have his card.
Oh. fuck. that guy?
He sucks.
Alright. fine.
I'll just get the card.
You just happen to have
the sheriff's card?
Yeah. that's suspect.
Okay. it's not as weird
as it sounds.
He was up here
earlier.
He's investigating a murder
or something.
Whoa.
Wait. that's perfect.
We do
a murder podcast.
Our podcast is called "There's
a Podcast in the House"!
Have you heard
of our podcast?
I haven't heard
of your podcast!
Okay.
We're still trying
to find our audience.
But you should listen to
some of the newer episodes.
'cause some of the older ones.
like. aren't so good. but --
Babe. Babe.
Hey. this is
a nice camera.
What are you guys filming.
a porno or something?
No. Alex shoots yule log videos
as a side hustle.
If I left my phone behind.
I think that I would try
and go and find it immediately.
Why didn't...
Why didn't the landlady go
and try to get her phone?
Yo. yo. do you do that for money
or. like. as a hobby?
Because that's
a genius idea.
So easy.
God. That's so not important
right now.
Well. it started out
as a hobby. actually.
but then I. uh.
fell into monetizing it.
Actually.
last year. I. uh.
shot a bonfire
on the beach in Bali.
It's up to like
10 million views or something.
Okay! That's really cool.
Bali. man.
Hey!
Hey. hey. hey. hey.
Could you please
not do that right now?
The sheriff said
not to do that.
Okay. whoa.
Okay.
What. is it. like. illegal
to burn logs or something?
We accidentally got it
from a cursed tree.
So is that why
it won't light?
Oh!
Checks out.
No. I-I totally feel the cursed
energy coming from it.
You feel the edible
hitting. Henry.
It was used to hang
enslaved people.
Whoa.
We just --
The hanging tree.
We just read about it.
Totally!
Is that --
Ah. fuck!
Aw. babe!
It's a splinter!
Did you hurt yourself?
Aw. I'm so sorry.
Oof.
We actually just did
this episode recently
about aliens
in lynching photos.
Yeah.
You've seen
the famous photo. right?
It was. like.
essentially viral.
No. I-I-I don't know
what you're talking about.
It's a super-famous photo
of a lynching with a huge crowd.
And there's one dude
in the crowd that looks weird.
He has
a face mask on.
He's an alien
wearing a mask.
And it's got a chunky
wristwatch. and -- Okay.
Uh. wristwatches
weren't invented back then!
Yeah. no.
for sure. for sure.
Like. totally plausible.
Yeah.
Like. if I was an alien
that had. like.
super-advanced technology
and could travel like millions
of light-years to get to earth.
I just wouldn't even bother
with a convincing mask.
Hey. Alex. you're supposed to be
on the phone with the sheriff.
I'm on hold. babe.
I will find
a picture.
Oh. there it is.
Decide for yourself.
Whoa.
Right. it's freaky.
Actually. yeah.
that's. uh -- yeah.
Yeah. I take it back.
This is actually
a super-compelling photo.
Babe. it's like this. uh.
really grainy photo
of. uh. like.
a blurry guy.
Yeah.
Um. maybe he
just looks like a human
that's a little bit
deformed.
So. good job. man.
Very. very sensitive.
Honestly. the most fucked-up
part of that photo
is all the people
just standing around
yucking it up
while somebody's --
Hey. Sheriff.
Hi. This is Alex.
Uh. you came by
the cabin earlier.
Did you want to see
the photo?
No. I don't want to see
your photo.
Just -- Just stop.
Okay.
Well. you guys know
that this mountain
was the site of a string
of alien abductions
and lynchings
in the 1950s. right?
She doesn't care.
Yeah. but. like.
Esther Dickens.
The most famous case
is Esther Dickens.
Do you know
who Esther Dickens is?
Esther. man.
Esther Dickens!
Like. I'm going to be
interviewing her grandkids.
Yeah. for the podcast.
For the podcast!
Enough.
Enough about your podcast.
Whoa.
Okay.
The landlady
is missing!
Well. that's
a pretty anti-climactic
phone call I just had.
Babe. what did he say?
Uh. not a whole lot.
He said to. uh.
call back tomorrow
if she doesn't show up
later for her phone.
Tomorrow?
Yeah.
Okay.
What kind of half-ass shit
is that?
There is a killer
on the loose.
Babe. I know.
What -- What do you
want me to say. man?
This is -- This is small-town
mountain village life.
You know?
You know what I mean?
This is what happens
in these cities. right?
All the smart. like.
upwardly mobile people.
they move away because there's.
like. shitty jobs here.
and the ones
who stick around.
they're all just
superstitious idiots.
They believe stuff like.
you know.
the -- the weeping oak
or whatever.
Just all this
superstitious shit.
That sheriff
was a fucking caricature.
And -- And this is it.
You know what I mean?
This is --
This is what happens.
Bang. bang.
-Bang. bang. bang.
-Oh.
Have fun. honey.
Rosa. that is some
good cornbread!
I'll tell you what.
some people say
you shouldn't serve cornbread
with corn. but I like it.
You could it with grits. too.
That's how much I like corn.
I know that about you.
Isaac.
Mm-hmm.
I'm glad you like
my cornbread.
Moist.
Oh. Isaac. can I ask you
for a favor?
Of course. Rosa.
What is it?
You're going to
Luthor farm Saturday.
Yes.
I made a quilt.
For William.
It is getting cold.
And it wasn't ready
when he was sold to Mr. Luthor.
But. um. you know.
he's scared of thunder.
So now he can look at this
and every day is blue skies.
Yeah. he always was scared
of thunder. that boy.
Mm-hmm.
That's a nice blanket.
Rosa.
I'd like to touch it but I don't
want to get corn on it.
It looks soft.
So will you
take it to him?
And while you're there.
can you see how he's doing?
Hey. uh. Rosa.
will you do me a favor?
Will you come sit next to me
here by the fire?
Pull that chair up.
come sit next to me.
What is it?
Uh...
Rosa. I --
I couldn't sell William
to Mr. Luthor.
Yes. sir.
Now. I know we agreed
on Mr. Luthor.
But when Daddy found out.
he said I needed to auction him
to get the best price.
He heard about it.
Well.
Mr. Luthor didn't --
Nah. No. Mr.. uh --
Mr. Armfield ended up
making a higher offer.
Mr. Armfield?
Now. Rosa.
I-I got assurances
that William
would be treated well.
But Mr. Armfield.
he's a --
Rosa.
I-I got assurances. now.
I looked him in the eye.
No. you gave me your word.
You gave me your word
he'd go to Mr. Luthor.
Rosa --
Mr. Luthor. he's a nice man.
Now. now. if Daddy hadn't...
-Thank you.
-Yeah.
Thanks for letting us stay.
Oh. no problem.
You don't have to thank them.
We're paying for it. too.
We shouldn't have to
pay anything
'cause the host fucked up.
right?
We're going to figure it out
in the morning.
So is there any room
off limits?
Actually. our room
has our luggage in it.
so it's pretty obvious.
And there's a room upstairs.
And then there's this couch.
Well. Beth and I will take
the room upstairs.
Uh. Henry. you cool
with the couch?
Huh? Sure. Wait.
What about the basement?
Doesn't that have a bed?
Uh. no. it's got rat traps
and cobwebs.
Ohh. I thought it had bunks
and. like. a pool table.
No. that was the other place.
This one has the hot tub.
Holly:
Speaking of which...
let's hot tub!
Okay!
Whoo!
Aw. yeah.
You guys have fun.
Um. excuse me?
You're not gonna come?
Uh. no.
Hot tubs disgust me.
What?
Okay.
You don't know
what's been in there.
I'm going to take a shower
and wash off the road stank
and Cheeto dust
before the edible hits.
Henry:
You're such a grandma.
Yeah. uh. don't smoke
in the house.
We don't want to fuck
our deposit.
Yeah.
Don't smoke in our house.
Do you two
want to hot tub?
Uh. why not?
Actually. Alex and I
are going to go unpack.
Okay. great.
See you later.
Yeah.
Let's go unpack. Alex.
God! I can't be
the third wheel in this.
Come on. Henry.
give us a "whoo"!
Whoo-hoo-hoo-hoo!
Come on. Whoo!
Don't whoo shame me.
I just don't
feel comfortable
with them
in the house. babe.
Well. I mean. I guess
we could -- I don't know?
Sleep in the car?
If you wanted to do that?
C-Can we please just pump the
brakes on the doom and gloom?
Oh. my God.
Yes. you do!
I do -- I do not
just date Asian guys.
-Yes. you do!
-No. I swear!
Oh. my God.
Ryan. Kevin. Park.
Come on. you have
total Asian fever.
No. I just like
smart. ambitious guys.
It's not
a race thing.
Yeah. but I'm not smart
or ambitious.
Yes. you are.
So we have
a Trivial Pursuit
that looks like
it's from the '90s
and...a deck of cards.
Oh. no. I've been burned
by rental cards before.
They're always missing
that card that I need.
-Mm.
-Okay. you better count them.
You count them.
I'm way too stoned
for this.
I'll count them.
Yo!
How much do you make?
What?
You're not supposed to
ask that. Henry!
How much do you make
doing the videos?
Give me a range.
Um...
Well. it's not like top 10
YouTube influencer money.
but. uh. you know.
I-I get by.
I also work
for an ad agency.
Oh.
Ooh. that must make
a lot of money.
You know. at the ad agency.
I sort if feel like
I'm doing pure evil.
But then Zoe helps the coral
reefs. so it sorta balances out.
Well. in addition
to the podcast.
I also do
freelance photography.
No. you don't.
I shot Christy's wedding.
Yeah. but she
didn't pay you.
And the podcast
doesn't pay yet. either.
He's mostly
a drug dealer.
I also went
to optometry school.
But you didn't finish.
Yet.
So this whole. like. alien
podcast thing you guys do...
Y'all believe that shit?
Like. for real?
Or do y'all just. like.
interested in it ironically?
70/30?
The Esther Dickens thing
is real.
She was visited
by aliens in 1956.
Here. on this mountain.
They probed all up in her holes
and just set her free.
A-And When she went
to the doctor.
she was like
10 pounds lighter.
And the X-rays showed
she was missing organs.
So the aliens. they -- they --
they come all the way here
to snatch a kidney?
I mean. come on. man.
You're like
Neil deGrasse Tyson.
Why?
'Cause I'm annoying?
No!
'Cause you're smart.
Hmm.
Who lit the fire?
Um. not us.
Oh. yeah.
The fire's back.
Hey. do you guys
want an edible?
-Absolutely.
-No.
They're from Colorado.
They got official packaging.
They're not poisonous.
We're not the killer.
Although that is what
the killer would say.
I'm going to bed.
Okay. I'll be in
in a bit.
Is she okay?
Yeah.
she'll be fine.
We're just going through
some...stuff.
These edibles
are very chill.
They might
chill her out.
No. I appreciate the sentiment.
but probably not.
She's had a lot of. like.
really fucked-up shit
that's happened
to her recently.
Like what?
You're not supposed to
say that. Henry.
It's -- It's -- It's fine.
Um...
You guys really can't
say anything. okay?
Okay.
So she works
for this nonprofit
that helps the coral reefs.
right?
That's cool.
Yeah. very cool.
Wait. I thought
the coral reefs were saved.
I have. like.
the suntan lotion.
It. like. says it's safe
for the reefs.
Hey!
Heeeyyyy! Hey!
Come here!
One night. they're having
this. like. uh. auction. right.
Lots of rich people.
Lots of cash flowing.
You know
how rich people get.
They just want
to save something.
Anyways. part of Zoe's job
is to. like. handle the money.
take it to a bank after hours.
drop it off.
So that day she had.
like. her period.
and it was. like. apparently
like a heavy-flow kind of day
and it started bleeding
through her dress a little bit.
so she asked
one of her co-workers.
a girl named Willow.
if she could take the cash.
So Willow does. and then.
like. on the way to the bank.
she gets robbed
and murdered.
Oh. shit!
What?
Yeah. Yeah.
But -- Okay. but that's not
her fault. though.
Oh. I-I know. I know.
I-I think she knows.
Like. intellectually.
You know. but. like. good luck
explaining that to her.
You know. I mean. she still
feels like it was her fault.
Like it was supposed to be her.
right?
She. like. bought a gun and she.
like. keeps it in her purse.
I mean. it's like
in there right now.
I really shouldn't be
telling you this.
Man. I really.
really shouldn't.
We won't say shit.
Alright. so. like.
not too long ago.
she. like. took too many
sleeping pills
before she went to bed.
Oh. shit.
Yeah. I know.
And she told me
that it was an accident.
and I. like. believed her.
I believed her.
That's my girlfriend.
I love her.
Yeah.
But she. like.
went to treatment.
and that was like
about a year ago.
She's doing better.
She says she's doing better.
But I don't --
I don't know.
Little man: Come here!
Come here. you little scamp.
Come on over here.
I got something to show ya.
Oh. get on over here.
Hmm? Hmm? Hmm?
Nicely done. son!
A lot of people
have trouble with that.
They burn themselves
or whatnot.
But you got
right in here.
This is like that meme.
What?
That meme with the dog.
Where he says.
"This is fine."
You know that?
Y-Yes.
But don't you worry.
This is fine.
You want a soda?
I'll take
a Dr Pepper.
Don't you worry about them.
my man.
They have their path.
and you have yours.
Hmm.
No Dr Pepper.
but I got
a Nurse Nutmeg.
You ever had
a Nurse Nutmeg?
No.
Ah!
Even better
than a Dr Pepper.
Goes down easier.
Sorta like it's easier
to get an appointment
with a nurse
than a doctor.
Just pretend to drink it.
It might be poison.
It's not poison.
But I get it.
Just thought
you were thirsty.
Drink it
or don't drink it.
Anyway. that is not
what I wanted to show you.
Goes into the future. too.
Pretty neat. huh?
Yeah.
Really?
You think so?
Oh. it's so hard to surprise
people these days.
What with the Internet.
all the content.
Special effects.
Everybody's
seen everything.
So I hear you're
the screw-up of the family.
Nah.
Hmm...
That's what I just heard.
Sisters are two doctors.
One's a surgeon?
Yeah. But. um. my parents
just want me to be happy.
So they're happy
you're a drug dealer?
Well.
they don't know that.
I'm also a podcaster.
Podcaster!
Good for you.
What if I told you I could wipe
all the failures from your life?
Wipe it clean?
Sounds like a trap.
Ah. you kids
don't miss a thing.
Real street smart.
you kids.
Your generation
are no suckers.
I'll tell you that.
Do you recognize
that woman there?
Mom?
That's right.
Any guesses who
she's pregnant with?
Probably me.
Or one of my sisters.
You is the correct answer.
She is pregnant
with you.
8 months.
And I have a way of making
your life less disappointing.
This is a magic marker.
Or. in this case.
a magic magic marker.
You go through
that fireplace.
And you see that piece of paper
on the coffee table?
Yeah.
You write A++
on that piece of paper
and you put it on the fridge.
Real quiet now.
Don't wake your mom up.
You write A++.
and that baby in her belly
will be a success.
Wh-What if she wakes up?
That'll terrify her.
You gotta be quiet.
I can't make it all easy
for you.
Success requires
some risk. son.
You know. I'm starting to think
that is part of your problem.
No. I'll -- I'll --
I'll do it.
A++.
Okay.
Nicely done. son.
Your days of failure
are behind you now.
I did exactly
what you said.
A++.
Right on her stomach.
What did you say?
On the refrigerator.
I mean.
I don't think you followed
my instructions.
Uh. I-I don't know.
I --
I think I did.
A++.
On her stomach.
No. on the refrigerator.
Were you high
when you did it?
It was a magic marker.
That. son.
is a kitchen knife.
It was a magic marker.
I'd love to argue with you
but I don't debate with people
that don't exist.
Oh.
Well. uh. I think Zoe's
pretty lucky
to have a boyfriend
like you.
Thank you.
And I'm pretty lucky
to have you. too!
Aw.
I'm lucky to have you. babe.
Ben's lucky to have you.
Where is Ben?
Is he still showering?
Maybe he's
masturbating.
Actually.
I-I'm gonna go see
if he got sucked down
the drain or something.
Ben is gross.
A little bit.
-What's going on?
-Oh. my God. no!
Beth?
Hey. what's going on?
Fuck!
Shit.
D-Don't touch anything.
No. fuck!
It's evidence.
Should we move him?
Should we give him
mouth to mouth?
He doesn't even have
a fucking mouth!
Okay. okay. okay.
Where's the sheriff's card?
I'm going to
call the sheriff.
No. fuck that.
I'm calling 911.
It's the curse.
You shouldn't have lit the fire!
Nobody lit
a fucking fire!
Where were you when we were
in the hot tub?
What. you think
I did that shit?
Somebody did.
Just go away.
Go over there.
Fuck you.
Woman: 911.
What's your emergency?
You need to come now.
My boyfriend.
he's dead in the shower.
and his skull is bashed in.
You say bashed in.
Is he still breathing?
Of course he's not breathing.
His skull is bashed in --
What the fuck!
Alex. it's the log!
It's the fucking log!
No. no. no. no. no.
somebody --
somebody threw it
and they're still here.
It wasn't thrown.
I saw it. It just flew.
No. no. no. no. no. baby.
No. that's impossible. okay.
That is impossible.
It wasn't thrown.
Alex!
Either way. this log's
going to burn the house down.
Ah. fuck!
No!
911.
What's your emergency?
Hey. we need your help.
People are murdered!
Don't say it's a flying log.
They won't come.
Do you have an address?
I-I-I don't know.
It's an Airbnb.
It's -- It's Booth Mountain.
Booth Mountain. uh...
Please. There's --
There's a log.
It's pounding on the door!
Alright. Stay calm.
Can you pull up the address
on an app?
Do you have an e-mail
with the address?
Can't you track it?
Baby. hey. I forwarded you that
e-mail confirmation yesterday.
Just -- Just check
your e-mail.
I can't pull up
the address for you
'cause I'm on the phone
right now!
Please. there is a log
at the door!
Okay. you say someone is
pounding a log on your door?
No. no one is pounding
the log!
The log is fucking
flying by itself!
Oh. God.
It stopped.
Maybe it's gone.
Wait. wait. Okay.
The sheriff
came by the house today.
And he warned us about the log.
We got in trouble for it.
Yeah. the sheriff will know
where we are!
You mean a police officer?
No. no. no. no. the sheriff
and his deputy.
We don't have a sheriff.
We have a chief of police.
Her name is Chief Mackies.
God damn it!
It's a sheriff.
Hello?
Zoe!
Arson!
Go. go. go!
Go. go. go.
No. no.
-What?
-Trust me. Come on.
Come on. Come on.
Come. come.
Okay.
Why did you bring us in here?
We are trapped!
No. no. no. no. no. hey. hey.
this is the best place.
There's no windows. look!
What about Holly?
It's going to get Holly.
Holly --
Holly will be fine.
She ran outside.
She's probably at the car.
It's okay.
No. no. no. it's okay.
We're going to be fine.
No. we're not.
Shhh!
Keep your voice down. okay.
please.
I'm sorry.
Do you still
have your phone?
No. it died when I was
on the phone with 911.
Okay. that's good.
Okay. that's good. that's good.
No!
They're not coming. Alex.
Of course they're coming.
You hung up on them.
They don't know
where we are.
Did you not hear the log?
It was crying!
It's from hell.
It's not from hell.
okay!
Some psychopath in the woods
is fucking with us.
That's all.
That's all!
The -- The -- The crying
is prerecorded or something.
A-And -- And there's
a drone in the wood.
That's how it can fly around.
What?
No drone can do that. okay?
It's a cursed log.
This is not some
Scooby-Doo shit. okay?
We're gonna be safe in here
for the night. okay.
We're gonna hide
and be safe.
That thing's not gonna
be active during the day.
You don't know that.
We had that fire going all day
long and nothing happened.
Hmm? Nothing happened
till the sun went down.
But did you hear
what it was yelling?
It was yelling.
"Arson. arson."
It's going to
burn us alive.
Alex.
Okay. okay.
Okay. listen. first sign
of smoke comes under that door.
we'll make a break
for it. okay?
Th-There --
Th-There's an axe --
There's an axe
on the front porch.
We get the axe.
we get to my car.
we get off
this mountain.
The sheriff
was a fake sheriff.
When he came in. he sprinkled
something on the log.
I-I didn't think
anything of it.
What are you talking about?
What are you --
I didn't think
anything of it.
He must be. like. in on it
or something.
I'm sure he cast. like.
an evil spell.
Zoe. come on.
You still don't believe
it's a curse.
With all due respect. babe.
no. I don't.
If -- If brutality against
Blacks and Native Americans
in this country
caused curses.
then murderous logs would be
as common as fuckin' Starbucks.
And they aren't.
They just aren't.
A tiny drone
cannot lift a guy.
Fine. You know what?
I hope it is a curse.
I do.
We'll write a book.
A best seller.
We'll be fuckin' rich.
Oh. my God. Alex.
If we survive.
We are going to survive.
This is
a heavy door. babe.
No windows.
It can't get in.
We're in the best place
to be right now.
Oh. my God. my camera.
My camera's still downstairs.
It's rolling!
We're gonna have evidence of
this. everything that happened!
We'll sell it.
They'll make a movie
out of this.
Who do you want to play you?
We're going to die. Alex.
We are not going to die.
Look at me.
I love you.
Do you love me?
I'm gonna need a vocal
confirmation on that. babe.
Yeah? Yeah?
Yes.
Okay. good.
I love you. too.
Do you trust me?
Yes.
I trust you. too.
You're the fiercest woman
I know.
I kinda think Chris Pratt
should play me.
We need butts in seats. babe.
We're gonna need a name.
Alright?
This is gonna be a blockbuster.
So you think this is gonna be
a theatrical movie?
Not some. like --
like. straight to Netflix --
Babe. of course this is
theatrical release.
Look -- Look around you!
This is not
straight-to-DVD shit
that's happening to us
in this house right now!
It's bad.
Yeah. it's really bad.
It's awful.
It's like the first
proven example
of real
supernatural shit.
This is gonna be. like.
Marvel movie big.
Now. who do you want
to play you?
Arson!
Go. go. go!
Come on! Come on! Come on!
Come on! Come on!
No.
Remember. now.
say nice things to 'em.
Girls. they like to be
complimented.
Zoe!
Nice things.
I would not get in the way
of my son and his date.
You don't wanna do that.
Nope.
It's like getting in the way
of a lion and his food.
Listen. um. we are all
in a lot of danger.
This -- This house is.
uh -- It's cursed.
I swear to God.
Did you see all
the fucking bodies outside?!
We all in danger.
Every day is danger.
You been out there?
People batshit crazy.
Eenie. meenie...
eenie. meenie...
eenie...
Pick her.
She's -- She's prettier than me!
...meenie...
P-Pick her.
She's prettier.
Don't pick me.
No.
Eenie. meenie...
eenie. meenie...
Don't pick me. no.
No.
...eenie. moe.
Please. no! No!
No! No!
Meenie!
No. no. no.
no. no. no!
No. no!
God. no!
No! No! No!
What's your name?
You can call me Mother.
honey.
Mother?
Okay.
It's nice to meet you.
Mother.
My name's Alex.
Oh.
You're doing that thing
where you befriend me.
So I see you as a human being
instead of a victim
so I won't harm you.
Oh. well.
you such a smart one.
No. no. no. It doesn't have to
be like that. okay?
We can get out of here.
You can let me go.
I can -- I can
give you money.
I-I-I have
an engagement ring. right?
What -- What -- What is it
that you want?
What do you want. Mother?
What do you want?
Well. what do I want?
Hoo-wee!
What don't I want?
Mind my manners.
Now. do you want here
some of this pimento cheese?
I've been hogging it all.
Come on.
Now...
You too high class
for pimento cheese?
You wish
it was foie gras?
Aah!
Oh. you vegan?
Just try pimento...
cheese.
It's pretty good
pimento cheese
for store-bought
pimento cheese.
Anyway. what do I want?
I want a grandbaby.
I want my son to give me
a grandbaby.
But you can't get
a woman pregnant
when you keep
murdering them. you know?!
It don't make no sense.
If he can just click
with one of 'em.
we can keep her
in the basement.
We got a nice basement.
Have a basement family.
huh?
All safe. all warm.
If he could just click
with one of 'em.
It's enough to make me
want to adopt a Chinese baby.
How'd that look
in church?
Maybe my son is gonna marry
your girlfriend. huh?
'Cause right about now.
it don't sound like
she wants to marry you.
Oh. we was listening.
That's how come
we learned...
she has a little gun.
She got a little gun.
Well...mm. you know.
there's so many
different ways
to meet women these days.
Mm-hmm.
I think he can meet
a really nice girl.
A girl that likes him
for him. you know?
Um. yeah. he can use an app.
I can show him.
I met Zoe on Bumble.
Bumble?
That would be about
right for him.
He's always bumbling.
Now...
sometimes. Alex.
your kids will disappoint you.
Now. his daddy...
Well. his Daddy was
an insulation salesman.
He could sell dumbbells
to a drowning man.
Hmm.
My son can't sell shit
on account of he's dumb.
No. no. no. no. there's
a shortage in the trades.
Mm-hmm. There's a lack
of good tradesman.
You know. heating and air.
plumbing. garbagemen.
You know?
You look at guys like that.
they're all over 50.
Right?
They're all over 50!
'Cause kids don't want
to do it anymore.
But it's good work!
It's really.
really good work.
It pays 100 grand a year.
He could do that.
He can get a girl
and a house.
It's possible!
Would that
it were so. Alex.
You paint a pretty picture.
100 grand.
It's possible.
it's possible!
I can show you.
I can show you both
a different way.
You know. you're right.
You're so right.
I'm so glad we talking.
Let me --
Let me cut these ropes.
Let me go tell my son
to stop his mess.
Oh. my God. God bless you.
Mother.
Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you.
You must think
I'm really stupid.
"Oh. I bet she's just
a stupid bitch." huh?
"your son could be a plumber!"
Zoe!
Come on. hang on. baby!
We're gonna be fine!
I like your boobies.
Mnh-mnh.
You wanna see my body?
I'm strong!
No! Please! No!
No!
No. no. No.
No! No! No! No!
No! No!
No!! No! No! No!
No. no.
No. No. No!
Do you want to see
my ding dong?
Mr. Luthor.
he's a nice man!
Now. if daddy hadn't
loaned me that money.
I'd have lost this place
and then you all be scattered.
Everybody!
You promised.
How could I justify
to Daddy
selling your boy
for less money?
Wha- what would I say?
"I'm -- I'm fond of him"?
I mean. what would that
sound like. Rosa?
Mr. Armfield is a devil.
And he's a businessman.
too. now.
He's cuttin' ears off.
he's cuttin' toes off.
Oh. my baby! My baby!
Just the bad ones. Rosa!
It's just the bad ones!
If he kept doing that
to all his slaves.
he wouldn't have much
of a business now. would he?
You gave me your word
and now all you're giving me
is excuses!
Rosa! Shh! Shh!
People will hear you!
Mrs. Booth is in the other room.
Now. take this
to the cookhouse.
Alright?
I'm -- I'm finished.
I wish I could done
Mr. Luthor.
Would that it were so.
But your son is a good boy.
Your son is a good worker.
He's our son!
Our son! Our son!
Mommy. no!
You're hurting me!
No son of mine
is gonna...
I have nowhere to go!
You never loved me!
I'm not a sodomite!
Pardon my old-lady.
pimento-cheese breath.
But then you have
pimento-cheese breath. too.
Don't fuckin' touch me!
Don't fuckin' -- Mnh!
Hey! Police!
Help! Help!
We're in here!
We called the police!
Oh. you stupid
fucking bitch!
You and Pleatherface
are fucked!
Help! Help!
Help! We're in here!
The killers are in here!
Does that look like
a police car to you?
Arvid. we got company!
Oh.
You don't belong here.
Arvid!
Hey. wait. wait. wait.
wait. wait. wait.
I'm not with her.
My name is Alex.
If you have
faster-than-light travel.
then I know that you're
an advanced race
and you can probably
understand me. okay?
If you have
faster-than-light travel.
then you're --
then you're civilized!
Um. please just --
just release me.
If you have
faster-than-light travel.
then you have empathy.
You have empathy. right?
I-I don't want to be here.
Please! Please!
You have
faster-than-light tra--
Aaaaah!
You're hurting me!
Oh. my God.
That's a silver alien.
They're the worst ones.
Fuck!
Alex!
Shut the fuck up.
Play dead.
No. no. no! No.
No. Fuck! No.
No. no.
No. fuck!
No! Please! No!
No. No.
Isaac?
Isaac?!
No!
Rosa. what in -- No!
Such a shame.
She was so young.
She would've been so pretty
if she just kept
that weight off.
I promise.
It's not what it looks like!
I'm not a sodomite.
I'm not a sodomite!
I'm not -- I'm not off!
Fuck! Oh!
Bang. bang.
I got you!
Only in my shoulder.
Bang! Bang!
What is it?
An old knife.
It's rusted.
Ooh.
I bet that's blood.
I bet Indians used it
to scalp a woman.
Indians didn't have knives.
ya dope.
A cowboy might've used it
to kill an Indian.
A whole mess of Indians.
Esther:
What did I tell you boys
about roughhousing
in the family room?
Sorry. Mom!
Go play outside.
Please.
You love me.
You will now touch me
under.
Aaaah!
Whoo! Whoo!
Whoo! Whoo! Whoo!
Alex!
Oh. my God. baby!
Hey. hey. hey.
hey. hey. hey.
Come on. baby.
Come on. come on.
Come on.
Do you hear me?
Zoe?
Yeah. Yeah. baby. it's me.
We're getting the fuck
out of here. you understand?
Everything's gonna be okay.
Kill me.
No. no. no. no. no.
do not say that.
I know you're still
in there. baby. okay?
Kill me.
You're just in shock.
it's okay.
Just let me sleep.
Aah!
Get up!
Get up. get up. come on!
Get the fuck up. Alex!
Come on.
Just stay with me. okay?
Yeah?
Let's get
to the fucking car.
My camera.
Fuck your camera. babe.
come on.
Fuck! Fuck!
I'm sorry I told him
to pick you.
I'm gonna get us out
of here. Willow.
My name is Holly.
Hey!
Come here. girl.
Come on!
I won't bite.
Come on. girl.
Little farther.
Mm-hmm.
You want something
to eat?
You must be hungry.
Something to drink?
I got sodas.
A towel to freshen up?
Does the number
100 million
mean anything to you?
100 million.
It means something
to all of us.
Any guesses?
I can't move my arms.
That's the number
of sperms
in the average ejaculate.
Crazy. huh?
So when you were conceived.
your sperm had to beat out
99 million and change.
99 million.
Some odds. huh?
And when life is too hard
for some people.
like yourself...
makes you wonder if that
other 99 million and change
might have had
a better go of it.
You know?
Come here. I wanna
show you something.
So...here
is your parents' house.
And this is the night
you get conceived. you see?
In a little bit.
your parents will come home.
stumble up those stairs.
have sex and make you!
Isn't that something?
Just put this baseball
on the third stair.
It's dark and your dad
will stumble.
Be enough to get his balls
a-jostling.
mix up
that sperm a little.
Give another sperm
a chance to be born.
You see?
Another sperm means
another person.
And events will change.
That other person will probably
have a different job.
causing your co-worker
Willow to live.
And with another person.
your boyfriend
will have a chance
to find a better partner.
and you won't have to suffer
with anxiety anymore.
Ahh! It's a win-win.
Don't you see?
Now. does that
sound like a plan?
Does that sound
like a plan?
No.
No what?
I...want...to...
I want to live...
You want to live?
You have lived!
Been there. done that.
Didn't care for it.
Don't you think it's time
for a do-over?
Hmm?
You...are...
from...Hell!
Now. that hurts.
I'm not from Hell.
I'm from here.
Just a different time
is all.
You know. you think
you're a good person.
But in the future.
they say you're not!
Don't you think I wish
I was born when you were?
With progressive views.
your cushy job.
In your fancy. light-filled.
big-city office.
With air conditioning.
Just typing on your little
keyboard all day.
Type. type. type.
With your avocado toast.
I've never even had
an avocado.
Yeah.
you have privilege. hmm?
But nobody ever talks
about time privilege.
What will they say about you
in the future. Zoe. hmm?
Burning your gas.
contributing
to global warming.
Eating your bacon!
Poor little piggies.
Stepping over
the homeless people.
They'll say.
"Why didn't she
let the homeless people
sleep on her couch?"
And then
you want a do-over.
which I am trying
to give you!
I'd love a do-over.
But I'm stuck here
in this fucking fire.
Oh. Zoe.
you found my knife.
I've been looking
for that forever.
Thank you!
Now. do what needs
to be done.
Put the Goddamn baseball
on the stair.
Oh!
Come back here!
Thank you. Alex.
Thank you. baby!
Oh. my God.
I just want to sleep. babe.
No. no. no. no. no. no!
Stay with me!
Stay with me. yeah?
Let's get out of here.
Come on. come on.
Alex.
Alex. keys.
The kitchen.
Fuck!
I'm not going back
in that fuckin' house.
I'll run in the woods
if I have to.
Fat-ass bitch.
Get your hands off of me.
Stop it!
I don't feel right.
-Nothing I do makes you...
-I hate you!
-This isn't working.
Get the fuck out!
I'll give you something
to cry about.
Time to Paul Bunyan your ass.
motherfucker!
Holy fuck.
We did it!
No! No!
No. no. No. you --
You don't understand!
It's that fake
fucking sheriff!
You can't leave!
You're important here.
This is the dawn
of a new age of --
Fuck you!
I can and I will!
Don't stop.
I'm not.
I'm not stopping
until the tank is empty.
I love you.
I love you. too. baby.
No matter
what happens next.
I think we should make
the logo a tad bit bigger.
You want the logo bigger?
I'm kidding.
I'm imitating our client.
I love it.
Hey. it's your concept
and your copy.
I just laid it out.
Send it.
To the client?
Yes to the client!
It's early enough.
we might hear back today.
I hope not.
I just love
that glorious moment
when you send something off
and before you get the notes.
It's such
a freeing feeling.
We're not getting notes.
It's fucking perfect.
Well. just in case. maybe
we should knock off early.
What would the boss say?
I don't know.
Maybe you should
ask the boss.
What do you say. boss?
I say we should
knock off early.
Alright.
So you wanna grab a drink
at the Highlander?
You sure we have time?
You know William
loves to get to
the Braves game early.
Oh. that's right!
Uh. I guess
we'll just have to grab our
celebratory drink there then.
Hmm.
Yeah.
It should be feeling cooler.
A.C.'s pretty old. but I think
I beat it into submission.
I feel
a difference already.
Thanks. Arvid.
No problem.
Traffic is gonna be hell.
I wish we could just
teleport ourselves there.
Would that it were so..
I think I beat it
into submission.
We're taking William
to the...
Would that it were so.
I think I beat it
into submission.
We're taking William
to the...
Would that it were so.
I think I beat it
into submission.
We're taking William
to the...
Would that it were so.
I think I beat it
into submission.
We're taking William
to the...
Would that it were so.
We're taking William
to the...
I'm sorry. Rosa.
I'm sorry for what I did.
I'm sorry for everything.
I love you. Rosa.
Forgive me. Rosa.
I'm sorry for everything.
I love you. Rosa.
I'm sorry for what I did.
Sorry for all the --